2022
1
Rams,Bills,0
Saints,Falcons,1
49ers,Bears,0
Bengals,Steelers,0
Eagles,Lions,1
Patriots,Dolphins,0
Ravens,Jets,1
Jaguars,Washington,0
Panthers,Browns,0
Texans,Colts,0
Buccaneers,Cowboys,1
Titans,Giants,0
Vikings,Packers,1
Cardinals,Chiefs,0
Chargers,Raiders,1
Broncos,Seahawks,0
2
Chiefs,Chargers,1
Jets,Browns,1
Lions,Washington,1
Saints,Buccaneers,0
Panthers,Giants,0
Patriots,Steelers,1
Colts,Jaguars,0
Ravens,Dolphins,0
Rams,Falcons,1
Seahawks,49ers,0
Cowboys,Bengals,1
Broncos,Texans,1
Cardinals,Raiders,1
Bears,Packers,0
Titans,Bills,0
Eagles,Vikings,1
3
Browns,Steelers,1
Saints,Panthers,0
Texans,Bears,0
Chiefs,Colts,0
Dolphins,Bills,1
Vikings,Lions,1
Ravens,Patriots,1
Bengals,Jets,1
Titans,Raiders,1
Eagles,Washington,1
Jaguars,Chargers,1
Rams,Cardinals,1
Seahawks,Falcons,0
Buccaneers,Packers,0
Broncos,49ers,1
Cowboys,Giants,1
4
Dolphins,Bengals,0
Saints,Vikings,0
Cowboys,Washington,1
Browns,Falcons,0
Seahawks,Lions,1
Titans,Colts,1
Bears,Giants,0
Eagles,Jaguars,1
Steelers,Jets,0
Bills,Ravens,1
Chargers,Texans,1
Cardinals,Panthers,1
Packers,Patriots,1
Raiders,Broncos,1
Chiefs,Buccaneers,1
Rams,49ers,0
5
Colts,Broncos,1
Packers,Giants,0
Bills,Steelers,1
Browns,Chargers,0
Texans,Jaguars,1
Vikings,Bears,1
Saints,Seahawks,1
Patriots,Lions,1
Dolphins,Jets,0
Buccaneers,Falcons,1
Titans,Washington,1
49ers,Panthers,1
Eagles,Cardinals,1
Rams,Cowboys,0
Ravens,Bengals,1
Chiefs,Raiders,1
6
Bears,Washington,0
49ers,Falcons,0
Patriots,Browns,1
Colts,Jaguars,1
Packers,Jets,0
Vikings,Dolphins,1
Saints,Bengals,0
Ravens,Giants,0
Buccaneers,Steelers,0
Rams,Panthers,1
Seahawks,Cardinals,1
Chiefs,Bills,0
Eagles,Cowboys,1
Chargers,Broncos,1
7
Saints,Cardinals,0
Buccaneers,Panthers,0
Bengals,Falcons,1
Lions,Cowboys,1
Giants,Jaguars,1
Titans,Colts,1
Ravens,Browns,1
Packers,Washington,0
Broncos,Jets,0
Raiders,Texans,1
Seahawks,Chargers,1
Chiefs,49ers,1
Dolphins,Steelers,1
Patriots,Bears,0
8
Buccaneers,Ravens,0
Broncos,Jaguars,0
Panthers,Falcons,1
Cowboys,Bears,1
Dolphins,Lions,1
Vikings,Cardinals,1
Saints,Raiders,1
Patriots,Jets,1
Eagles,Steelers,1
Titans,Texans,1
Colts,Washington,0
Rams,49ers,0
Seahawks,Giants,1
Bills,Packers,1
Browns,Bengals,1
9
Eagles,Texans,1
Chargers,Falcons,1
Dolphins,Bears,1
Bengals,Panthers,1
Packers,Lions,0
Raiders,Jaguars,0
Patriots,Colts,1
Bills,Jets,0
Vikings,Washington,1
Seahawks,Cardinals,1
Rams,Buccaneers,0
Titans,Chiefs,0
Ravens,Saints,0
10
Falcons,Panthers,0
Seahawks,Buccaneers,0
Bills,Vikings,0
Bears,Lions,0
Titans,Broncos,1
Chiefs,Jaguars,1
Dolphins,Browns,1
Texans,Giants,0
Saints,Steelers,0
Raiders,Colts,0
Packers,Cowboys,1
Rams,Cardinals,0
49ers,Chargers,1
Eagles,Washington,0
11
Packers,Titans,0
Bears,Falcons,0
Bills,Browns,1
Eagles,Colts,1
Patriots,Jets,1
Saints,Rams,1
Lions,Giants,1
Ravens,Panthers,1
Washington,Texans,1
Raiders,Broncos,1
Cowboys,Vikings,1
Chiefs,Chargers,1
Steelers,Bengals,0
49ers,Cardinals,1
12
Bills,Lions,1
Cowboys,Giants,1
Patriots,Vikings,0
Buccaneers,Browns,0
Titans,Bengals,0
Dolphins,Texans,1
Bears,Jets,0
Washington,Falcons,1
Broncos,Panthers,0
Ravens,Jaguars,0
Cardinals,Chargers,0
Seahawks,Raiders,0
Chiefs,Rams,1
Saints,49ers,0
Packers,Eagles,0
Steelers,Colts,1
13
Steelers,Falcons,1
Packers,Bears,1
Lions,Jaguars,1
Vikings,Jets,1
Eagles,Titans,1
Ravens,Broncos,1
Browns,Texans,1
Seahawks,Rams,1
Dolphins,49ers,0
Chiefs,Bengals,0
Chargers,Raiders,0
Cowboys,Colts,1
Saints,Buccaneers,0
2023
1
Steelers,Falcons,1
Packers,Bears,1
Lions,Jaguars,1
Vikings,Jets,1
Eagles,Titans,1
Ravens,Broncos,1
Browns,Texans,1
Seahawks,Rams,1
Dolphins,49ers,0
Chiefs,Bengals,0
Chargers,Raiders,0
Cowboys,Colts,1
Saints,Buccaneers,0
2
Eagles,Vikings,1
Falcons,Packers,1
Bills,Raiders,1
Bengals,Ravens,0
Lions,Seahawks,0
Chargers,Titans,0
Buccaneers,Bears,1
Chiefs,Jaguars,1
Colts,Texans,1
Rams,49ers,0
Giants,Cardinals,1
Cowboys,Jets,1
Broncos,Washington,0
Patriots,Dolphins,0
Saints,Panthers,1
Steelers,Browns,1
3
49ers,Giants,1
Browns,Titans,1
Falcons,Lions,0
Saints,Packers,0
Dolphins,Broncos,1
Vikings,Chargers,0
Patriots,Jets,1
Bills,Washington,1
Jaguars,Texans,0
Ravens,Colts,0
Seahawks,Panthers,1
Chiefs,Bears,1
Cowboys,Cardinals,0
Steelers,Raiders,1
Eagles,Buccaneers,1
Rams,Bengals,0
4
Packers,Lions,0
Falcons,Jaguars,0
Bills,Dolphins,1
Broncos,Bears,1
Ravens,Browns,1
Titans,Bengals,1
Rams,Colts,1
Buccaneers,Saints,1
Eagles,Washington,1
Vikings,Panthers,1
Steelers,Texans,0
Raiders,Chargers,0
Cowboys,Patriots,1
49ers,Cardinals,1
Chiefs,Jets,1
Seahawks,Giants,1
5
Washington,Bears,0
Bills,Jaguars,0
Falcons,Texans,1
Lions,Panthers,1
Titans,Colts,0
Dolphins,Giants,1
Saints,Patriots,1
Ravens,Steelers,0
Eagles,Rams,1
Bengals,Cardinals,1
Broncos,Jets,0
Chiefs,Vikings,1
49ers,Cowboys,1
Packers,Raiders,0
6
Chiefs,Broncos,1
Ravens,Titans,1
Falcons,Washington,0
Vikings,Bears,1
Seahawks,Bengals,0
49ers,Browns,0
Dolphins,Panthers,1
Colts,Jaguars,0
Saints,Texans,0
Patriots,Raiders,0
Buccaneers,Lions,0
Rams,Cardinals,1
Eagles,Jets,0
Bills,Giants,1
Cowboys,Chargers,1
7
Jaguars,Saints,1
Raiders,Bears,0
Browns,Colts,1
Bills,Patriots,0
Washington,Giants,0
Buccaneers,Falcons,0
Ravens,Lions,1
Steelers,Rams,1
Seahawks,Cardinals,1
Packers,Broncos,0
Chiefs,Chargers,1
Eagles,Dolphins,1
49ers,Vikings,0
8
Bills,Buccaneers,1
Cowboys,Rams,1
Vikings,Packers,1
Titans,Falcons,1
Saints,Colts,1
Dolphins,Patriots,1
Giants,Jets,0
Steelers,Jaguars,0
Eagles,Washington,1
Texans,Panthers,0
Seahawks,Browns,1
Chiefs,Broncos,0
Ravens,Cardinals,1
49ers,Bengals,0
Chargers,Bears,1
Lions,Raiders,1
9
Steelers,Titans,1
Falcons,Vikings,0
Browns,Cardinals,1
Packers,Rams,1
Patriots,Washington,0
Saints,Bears,1
Ravens,Seahawks,1
Buccaneers,Texans,0
Panthers,Colts,0
Raiders,Giants,1
Eagles,Cowboys,1
Bills,Bengals,0
Chargers,Jets,1
10
Panthers,Bears,0
Colts,Patriots,1
Bengals,Texans,0
Saints,Vikings,0
Steelers,Packers,1
Buccaneers,Titans,1
49ers,Jaguars,1
Ravens,Browns,0
Falcons,Cardinals,0
Lions,Chargers,1
Cowboys,Giants,1
Seahawks,Washington,1
Raiders,Jets,1
Bills,Broncos,0
11
Ravens,Bengals,1
Browns,Steelers,1
Lions,Bears,1
Packers,Chargers,1
Dolphins,Raiders,1
Giants,Washington,1
Cowboys,Panthers,1
Jaguars,Titans,1
Cardinals,Texans,0
49ers,Buccaneers,1
Bills,Jets,1
Seahawks,Rams,0
Vikings,Broncos,0
Chiefs,Eagles,0
12
Lions,Packers,0
Cowboys,Washington,1
49ers,Seahawks,1
Dolphins,Jets,1
Saints,Falcons,0
Bengals,Steelers,0
Titans,Panthers,1
Buccaneers,Colts,0
Patriots,Giants,0
Texans,Jaguars,0
Browns,Broncos,0
Rams,Cardinals,1
Chiefs,Raiders,1
Eagles,Bills,1
Ravens,Chargers,1
Vikings,Bears,0
13
Cowboys,Seahawks,
Titans,Colts,
Chargers,Patriots,
Saints,Lions,
Falcons,Jets,
Steelers,Cardinals,
Dolphins,Washington,
Texans,Broncos,
Buccaneers,Panthers,
Browns,Rams,
49ers,Eagles,
Chiefs,Packers,
Bengals,Jaguars,
14
Steelers,Patriots,
Buccaneers,Falcons,
Lions,Bears,
Bengals,Colts,
Browns,Jaguars,
Saints,Panthers,
Texans,Jets,
Ravens,Rams,
Vikings,Raiders,
49ers,Seahawks,
Chiefs,Bills,
Chargers,Broncos,
Eagles,Cowboys,
Dolphins,Titans,
Packers,Giants,
15
Chargers,Raiders,
Vikings,Bengals,
Steelers,Colts,
Lions,Broncos,
Browns,Bears,
Falcons,Panthers,
Buccaneers,Packers,
Titans,Texans,
Dolphins,Jets,
Saints,Giants,
Chiefs,Patriots,
Rams,Washington,
49ers,Cardinals,
Bills,Cowboys,
Ravens,Jaguars,
Eagles,Seahawks,
16
Rams,Saints,
Bengals,Steelers,
Bills,Chargers,
Falcons,Colts,
Seahawks,Titans,
Lions,Vikings,
Jets,Washington,
Packers,Panthers,
Browns,Texans,
Buccaneers,Jaguars,
Cardinals,Bears,
Cowboys,Dolphins,
Patriots,Broncos,
Chiefs,Raiders,
Eagles,Giants,
Ravens,49ers,
17
Browns,Jets,
Cowboys,Lions,
Bills,Patriots,
Bears,Falcons,
Colts,Raiders,
Rams,Giants,
Eagles,Cardinals,
Buccaneers,Saints,
49ers,Washington,
Jaguars,Panthers,
Ravens,Dolphins,
Titans,Texans,
Seahawks,Steelers,
Chargers,Broncos,
Chiefs,Bengals,
Vikings,Packers,
18
Ravens,Steelers,
Colts,Texans,
Browns,Bengals,
Vikings,Lions,
Titans,Jaguars,
Patriots,Jets,
Saints,Falcons,
Buccaneers,Panthers,
Packers,Bears,
Raiders,Broncos,
Eagles,Giants,
Seahawks,Cardinals,
Chiefs,Chargers,
49ers,Rams,
Cowboys,Washington,
Bills,Dolphins,
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
rav,cover Spread,kan,not cover Spread,
rav,cover OverUnder,kan,not cover OverUnder,
gnb,cover Spread,phi,not cover Spread,
phi,cover OverUnder,gnb,not cover OverUnder,
pit,cover Spread,atl,not cover Spread,
pit,cover OverUnder,atl,not cover OverUnder,
buf,cover Spread,crd,not cover Spread,
buf,cover OverUnder,crd,not cover OverUnder,
oti,cover Spread,chi,not cover Spread,
oti,cover OverUnder,chi,not cover OverUnder,
nwe,cover Spread,cin,not cover Spread,
cin,cover OverUnder,nwe,not cover OverUnder,
htx,cover Spread,clt,not cover Spread,
htx,cover OverUnder,clt,not cover OverUnder,
jax,cover Spread,mia,not cover Spread,
mia,cover OverUnder,jax,not cover OverUnder,
car,cover Spread,nor,not cover Spread,
car,cover OverUnder,nor,not cover OverUnder,
nyg,cover Spread,min,not cover Spread,
nyg,cover OverUnder,min,not cover OverUnder,
sdg,cover Spread,rai,not cover Spread,
rai,cover OverUnder,sdg,not cover OverUnder,
sea,cover Spread,den,not cover Spread,
sea,cover OverUnder,den,not cover OverUnder,
cle,cover Spread,dal,not cover Spread,
dal,cover OverUnder,cle,not cover OverUnder,
was,cover Spread,tam,not cover Spread,
tam,cover OverUnder,was,not cover OverUnder,
ram,cover Spread,det,not cover Spread,
det,cover OverUnder,ram,not cover OverUnder,
sfo,cover Spread,nyj,not cover Spread,
nyj,cover OverUnder,sfo,not cover OverUnder,
1
rav,cover Spread,kan,not cover Spread,
kan,cover OverUnder,rav,not cover OverUnder,
gnb,cover Spread,phi,not cover Spread,
phi,cover OverUnder,gnb,not cover OverUnder,
atl,cover Spread,pit,not cover Spread,
pit,cover OverUnder,atl,not cover OverUnder,
buf,cover Spread,crd,not cover Spread,
crd,cover OverUnder,buf,not cover OverUnder,
oti,cover Spread,chi,not cover Spread,
oti,cover OverUnder,chi,not cover OverUnder,
cin,cover Spread,nwe,not cover Spread,
cin,cover OverUnder,nwe,not cover OverUnder,
clt,cover Spread,htx,not cover Spread,
htx,cover OverUnder,clt,not cover OverUnder,
mia,cover Spread,jax,not cover Spread,
mia,cover OverUnder,jax,not cover OverUnder,
nor,cover Spread,car,not cover Spread,
car,cover OverUnder,nor,not cover OverUnder,
min,cover Spread,nyg,not cover Spread,
nyg,cover OverUnder,min,not cover OverUnder,
sdg,cover Spread,rai,not cover Spread,
rai,cover OverUnder,sdg,not cover OverUnder,
den,cover Spread,sea,not cover Spread,
sea,cover OverUnder,den,not cover OverUnder,
dal,cover Spread,cle,not cover Spread,
dal,cover OverUnder,cle,not cover OverUnder,
was,cover Spread,tam,not cover Spread,
was,cover OverUnder,tam,not cover OverUnder,
det,cover Spread,ram,not cover Spread,
ram,cover OverUnder,det,not cover OverUnder,
nyj,cover Spread,sfo,not cover Spread,
nyj,cover OverUnder,sfo,not cover OverUnder,
1
kan,cover Spread,rav,not cover Spread,
rav,cover OverUnder,kan,not cover OverUnder,
phi,cover Spread,gnb,not cover Spread,
phi,cover OverUnder,gnb,not cover OverUnder,
pit,cover Spread,atl,not cover Spread,
atl,cover OverUnder,pit,not cover OverUnder,
crd,cover Spread,buf,not cover Spread,
buf,cover OverUnder,crd,not cover OverUnder,
chi,cover Spread,oti,not cover Spread,
oti,cover OverUnder,chi,not cover OverUnder,
cin,cover Spread,nwe,not cover Spread,
cin,cover OverUnder,nwe,not cover OverUnder,
clt,cover Spread,htx,not cover Spread,
htx,cover OverUnder,clt,not cover OverUnder,
jax,cover Spread,mia,not cover Spread,
mia,cover OverUnder,jax,not cover OverUnder,
nor,cover Spread,car,not cover Spread,
nor,cover OverUnder,car,not cover OverUnder,
min,cover Spread,nyg,not cover Spread,
min,cover OverUnder,nyg,not cover OverUnder,
sdg,cover Spread,rai,not cover Spread,
sdg,cover OverUnder,rai,not cover OverUnder,
den,cover Spread,sea,not cover Spread,
den,cover OverUnder,sea,not cover OverUnder,
dal,cover Spread,cle,not cover Spread,
dal,cover OverUnder,cle,not cover OverUnder,
tam,cover Spread,was,not cover Spread,
tam,cover OverUnder,was,not cover OverUnder,
det,cover Spread,ram,not cover Spread,
ram,cover OverUnder,det,not cover OverUnder,
sfo,cover Spread,nyj,not cover Spread,
nyj,cover OverUnder,sfo,not cover OverUnder,
2
2
1
1
rav,cover Spread,kan,not cover Spread,
rav,cover OverUnder,kan,not cover OverUnder,
1
rav,cover Spread,kan,not cover Spread,
rav,cover OverUnder,kan,not cover OverUnder,
phi,cover Spread,gnb,not cover Spread,
gnb,cover OverUnder,phi,not cover OverUnder,
pit,cover Spread,atl,not cover Spread,
pit,cover OverUnder,atl,not cover OverUnder,
buf,cover Spread,crd,not cover Spread,
crd,cover OverUnder,buf,not cover OverUnder,
chi,cover Spread,oti,not cover Spread,
chi,cover OverUnder,oti,not cover OverUnder,
cin,cover Spread,nwe,not cover Spread,
cin,cover OverUnder,nwe,not cover OverUnder,
htx,cover Spread,clt,not cover Spread,
htx,cover OverUnder,clt,not cover OverUnder,
mia,cover Spread,jax,not cover Spread,
mia,cover OverUnder,jax,not cover OverUnder,
car,cover Spread,nor,not cover Spread,
car,cover OverUnder,nor,not cover OverUnder,
nyg,cover Spread,min,not cover Spread,
nyg,cover OverUnder,min,not cover OverUnder,
rai,cover Spread,sdg,not cover Spread,
sdg,cover OverUnder,rai,not cover OverUnder,
den,cover Spread,sea,not cover Spread,
den,cover OverUnder,sea,not cover OverUnder,
dal,cover Spread,cle,not cover Spread,
dal,cover OverUnder,cle,not cover OverUnder,
tam,cover Spread,was,not cover Spread,
was,cover OverUnder,tam,not cover OverUnder,
det,cover Spread,ram,not cover Spread,
det,cover OverUnder,ram,not cover OverUnder,
sfo,cover Spread,nyj,not cover Spread,
sfo,cover OverUnder,nyj,not cover OverUnder,
2
2
2
2
2
1
1
1
1
rav,cover Spread,kan,not cover Spread,
rav,not cover OverUnder,kan,not cover OverUnder,
phi,cover Spread,gnb,not cover Spread,
phi,cover OverUnder,gnb,cover OverUnder,
pit,cover Spread,atl,not cover Spread,
pit,not cover OverUnder,atl,not cover OverUnder,
crd,cover Spread,buf,not cover Spread,
crd,not cover OverUnder,buf,not cover OverUnder,
oti,cover Spread,chi,not cover Spread,
oti,not cover OverUnder,chi,not cover OverUnder,
cin,cover Spread,nwe,not cover Spread,
nwe,not cover OverUnder,cin,not cover OverUnder,
htx,cover Spread,clt,not cover Spread,
clt,cover OverUnder,htx,cover OverUnder,
mia,cover Spread,jax,not cover Spread,
jax,not cover OverUnder,mia,not cover OverUnder,
car,cover Spread,nor,not cover Spread,
car,not cover OverUnder,nor,not cover OverUnder,
min,cover Spread,nyg,not cover Spread,
min,not cover OverUnder,nyg,not cover OverUnder,
rai,cover Spread,sdg,not cover Spread,
rai,not cover OverUnder,sdg,not cover OverUnder,
sea,cover Spread,den,not cover Spread,
den,not cover OverUnder,sea,not cover OverUnder,
dal,cover Spread,cle,not cover Spread,
dal,not cover OverUnder,cle,not cover OverUnder,
tam,cover Spread,was,not cover Spread,
was,not cover OverUnder,tam,not cover OverUnder,
ram,cover Spread,det,not cover Spread,
ram,not cover OverUnder,det,not cover OverUnder,
sfo,cover Spread,nyj,not cover Spread,
nyj,not cover OverUnder,sfo,not cover OverUnder,
2
2
2
2
2
2
mia,cover Spread,buf,not cover Spread,
buf,not cover OverUnder,mia,not cover OverUnder,
dal,cover Spread,nor,not cover Spread,
nor,not cover OverUnder,dal,not cover OverUnder,
det,cover Spread,tam,not cover Spread,
tam,not cover OverUnder,det,not cover OverUnder,
clt,cover Spread,gnb,not cover Spread,
gnb,cover OverUnder,clt,cover OverUnder,
oti,cover Spread,nyj,not cover Spread,
nyj,not cover OverUnder,oti,not cover OverUnder,
sfo,cover Spread,min,not cover Spread,
sfo,not cover OverUnder,min,not cover OverUnder,
sea,cover Spread,nwe,not cover Spread,
sea,not cover OverUnder,nwe,not cover OverUnder,
nyg,cover Spread,was,not cover Spread,
nyg,not cover OverUnder,was,not cover OverUnder,
sdg,cover Spread,car,not cover Spread,
sdg,not cover OverUnder,car,not cover OverUnder,
rav,cover Spread,rai,not cover Spread,
rai,not cover OverUnder,rav,not cover OverUnder,
cle,cover Spread,jax,not cover Spread,
cle,not cover OverUnder,jax,not cover OverUnder,
ram,cover Spread,crd,not cover Spread,
crd,cover OverUnder,ram,cover OverUnder,
pit,cover Spread,den,not cover Spread,
pit,not cover OverUnder,den,not cover OverUnder,
cin,cover Spread,kan,not cover Spread,
cin,not cover OverUnder,kan,not cover OverUnder,
chi,cover Spread,htx,not cover Spread,
htx,cover OverUnder,chi,cover OverUnder,
phi,cover Spread,atl,not cover Spread,
phi,cover OverUnder,atl,cover OverUnder,
3
nyj,cover Spread,nwe,not cover Spread,
nyj,cover OverUnder,nwe,cover OverUnder,
nyg,cover Spread,cle,not cover Spread,
nyg,not cover OverUnder,cle,not cover OverUnder,
oti,cover Spread,gnb,not cover Spread,
gnb,not cover OverUnder,oti,not cover OverUnder,
chi,cover Spread,clt,not cover Spread,
chi,not cover OverUnder,clt,not cover OverUnder,
min,cover Spread,htx,not cover Spread,
htx,not cover OverUnder,min,not cover OverUnder,
nor,cover Spread,phi,not cover Spread,
nor,cover OverUnder,phi,cover OverUnder,
pit,cover Spread,sdg,not cover Spread,
sdg,not cover OverUnder,pit,not cover OverUnder,
tam,cover Spread,den,not cover Spread,
den,not cover OverUnder,tam,not cover OverUnder,
rai,cover Spread,car,not cover Spread,
car,not cover OverUnder,rai,not cover OverUnder,
sea,cover Spread,mia,not cover Spread,
sea,cover OverUnder,mia,cover OverUnder,
dal,cover Spread,rav,not cover Spread,
dal,cover OverUnder,rav,cover OverUnder,
sfo,cover Spread,ram,not cover Spread,
sfo,not cover OverUnder,ram,not cover OverUnder,
det,cover Spread,crd,not cover Spread,
crd,cover OverUnder,det,cover OverUnder,
atl,cover Spread,kan,not cover Spread,
atl,cover OverUnder,kan,cover OverUnder,
buf,cover Spread,jax,not cover Spread,
jax,not cover OverUnder,buf,not cover OverUnder,
cin,cover Spread,was,not cover Spread,
was,not cover OverUnder,cin,not cover OverUnder,
4
nwe,cover Spread,nyj,not cover Spread,
nyj,cover OverUnder,nwe,cover OverUnder,
4
dal,cover Spread,nyg,not cover Spread,
dal,not cover OverUnder,nyg,not cover OverUnder,
4
4
4
4
dal,cover Spread,nyg,not cover Spread,
dal,not cover OverUnder,nyg,not cover OverUnder,
nor,cover Spread,atl,not cover Spread,
nor,not cover OverUnder,atl,not cover OverUnder,
chi,cover Spread,ram,not cover Spread,
ram,not cover OverUnder,chi,not cover OverUnder,
gnb,cover Spread,min,not cover Spread,
min,not cover OverUnder,gnb,not cover OverUnder,
pit,cover Spread,clt,not cover Spread,
pit,not cover OverUnder,clt,not cover OverUnder,
nyj,cover Spread,den,not cover Spread,
den,not cover OverUnder,nyj,not cover OverUnder,
phi,cover Spread,tam,not cover Spread,
phi,not cover OverUnder,tam,not cover OverUnder,
cin,cover Spread,car,not cover Spread,
cin,not cover OverUnder,car,not cover OverUnder,
jax,cover Spread,htx,not cover Spread,
jax,not cover OverUnder,htx,not cover OverUnder,
was,cover Spread,crd,not cover Spread,
crd,cover OverUnder,was,cover OverUnder,
sfo,cover Spread,nwe,not cover Spread,
sfo,cover OverUnder,nwe,cover OverUnder,
cle,cover Spread,rai,not cover Spread,
cle,not cover OverUnder,rai,not cover OverUnder,
kan,cover Spread,sdg,not cover Spread,
kan,not cover OverUnder,sdg,not cover OverUnder,
rav,cover Spread,buf,not cover Spread,
buf,not cover OverUnder,rav,not cover OverUnder,
oti,cover Spread,mia,not cover Spread,
oti,not cover OverUnder,mia,not cover OverUnder,
det,cover Spread,sea,not cover Spread,
sea,not cover OverUnder,det,not cover OverUnder,
5
tam,cover Spread,atl,not cover Spread,
tam,not cover OverUnder,atl,not cover OverUnder,
tam,cover Spread,atl,not cover Spread,
tam,not cover OverUnder,atl,not cover OverUnder,
min,cover Spread,nyj,not cover Spread,
nyj,not cover OverUnder,min,not cover OverUnder,
chi,cover Spread,car,not cover Spread,
chi,cover OverUnder,car,cover OverUnder,
cin,cover Spread,rav,not cover Spread,
cin,cover OverUnder,rav,cover OverUnder,
mia,cover Spread,nwe,not cover Spread,
mia,not cover OverUnder,nwe,not cover OverUnder,
cle,cover Spread,was,not cover Spread,
cle,not cover OverUnder,was,not cover OverUnder,
htx,cover Spread,buf,not cover Spread,
buf,not cover OverUnder,htx,not cover OverUnder,
clt,cover Spread,jax,not cover Spread,
clt,not cover OverUnder,jax,not cover OverUnder,
rai,cover Spread,den,not cover Spread,
rai,not cover OverUnder,den,not cover OverUnder,
sfo,cover Spread,crd,not cover Spread,
sfo,cover OverUnder,crd,cover OverUnder,
ram,cover Spread,gnb,not cover Spread,
ram,cover OverUnder,gnb,cover OverUnder,
sea,cover Spread,nyg,not cover Spread,
nyg,not cover OverUnder,sea,not cover OverUnder,
pit,cover Spread,dal,not cover Spread,
dal,not cover OverUnder,pit,not cover OverUnder,
kan,cover Spread,nor,not cover Spread,
nor,not cover OverUnder,kan,not cover OverUnder,
6
sfo,cover Spread,sea,not cover Spread,
sea,cover OverUnder,sfo,cover OverUnder,
chi,cover Spread,jax,not cover Spread,
jax,not cover OverUnder,chi,not cover OverUnder,
gnb,cover Spread,crd,not cover Spread,
gnb,cover OverUnder,crd,cover OverUnder,
oti,cover Spread,clt,not cover Spread,
oti,cover OverUnder,clt,cover OverUnder,
nwe,cover Spread,htx,not cover Spread,
htx,not cover OverUnder,nwe,not cover OverUnder,
tam,cover Spread,nor,not cover Spread,
tam,not cover OverUnder,nor,not cover OverUnder,
cle,cover Spread,phi,not cover Spread,
phi,cover OverUnder,cle,cover OverUnder,
was,cover Spread,rav,not cover Spread,
rav,cover OverUnder,was,cover OverUnder,
den,cover Spread,sdg,not cover Spread,
sdg,not cover OverUnder,den,not cover OverUnder,
pit,cover Spread,rai,not cover Spread,
pit,not cover OverUnder,rai,not cover OverUnder,
det,cover Spread,dal,not cover Spread,
det,not cover OverUnder,dal,not cover OverUnder,
atl,cover Spread,car,not cover Spread,
atl,not cover OverUnder,car,not cover OverUnder,
cin,cover Spread,nyg,not cover Spread,
cin,not cover OverUnder,nyg,not cover OverUnder,
nyj,cover Spread,buf,not cover Spread,
buf,not cover OverUnder,nyj,not cover OverUnder,
7
den,cover Spread,nor,not cover Spread,
den,not cover OverUnder,nor,not cover OverUnder,
jax,cover Spread,nwe,not cover Spread,
nwe,not cover OverUnder,jax,not cover OverUnder,
sea,cover Spread,atl,not cover Spread,
atl,cover OverUnder,sea,cover OverUnder,
buf,cover Spread,oti,not cover Spread,
oti,not cover OverUnder,buf,not cover OverUnder,
cle,cover Spread,cin,not cover Spread,
cin,not cover OverUnder,cle,not cover OverUnder,
htx,cover Spread,gnb,not cover Spread,
htx,not cover OverUnder,gnb,not cover OverUnder,
clt,cover Spread,mia,not cover Spread,
clt,cover OverUnder,mia,cover OverUnder,
det,cover Spread,min,not cover Spread,
min,cover OverUnder,det,cover OverUnder,
phi,cover Spread,nyg,not cover Spread,
phi,not cover OverUnder,nyg,not cover OverUnder,
ram,cover Spread,rai,not cover Spread,
rai,not cover OverUnder,ram,not cover OverUnder,
car,cover Spread,was,not cover Spread,
was,cover OverUnder,car,cover OverUnder,
sfo,cover Spread,kan,not cover Spread,
kan,not cover OverUnder,sfo,not cover OverUnder,
pit,cover Spread,nyj,not cover Spread,
nyj,not cover OverUnder,pit,not cover OverUnder,
tam,cover Spread,rav,not cover Spread,
tam,cover OverUnder,rav,cover OverUnder,
sdg,cover Spread,crd,not cover Spread,
sdg,not cover OverUnder,crd,not cover OverUnder,
